.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" * SPDX-License-Identifier: curl
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_ECH 3 "30 Sep 2023" libcurl libcurl
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_ECH \- configuration for Encrypted Client Hello
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_ECH, char *config);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pass a string that specifies configuration details for ECH.
In all cases, if ECH is attempted, it may fail for various reasons.
The keywords supported are:
.IP false
Turns off ECH.
.IP grease
Instructs client to emit a GREASE'd ECH extension.
.IP true
Instructs client to attempt ECH, if possible, but to not fail if attempting ECH is not possible.
.IP hard
Instructs client to attempt ECH and fail if if attempting ECH is not possible.
.IP ecl:<base64-value>
If the string starts with "ecl:" then the remainder of the string should be a base64-encoded
ECHConfigList that is used for ECH rather than attempting to download such a value from
the DNS.
.IP pn:<name>
If the string starts with "pn:" then the remainder of the string should be a DNS/host name
that is used to over-ride the public_name field of the ECHConfigList that will be used
for ECH.
.SH DEFAULT
NULL, meaning ECH is disabled.
.SH PROTOCOLS
TLS, and requires TLS1.3.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
int main(void) {
  CURL *curl = curl_easy_init();
  const char *config ="ecl:AED+DQA87wAgACB/RuzUCsW3uBbSFI7mzD63TUXpI8sGDTnFTbFCDpa+CAAEAAEAAQANY292ZXIuZGVmby5pZQAA";

  if(curl) {
    curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ECH, config);
    curl_easy_perform(curl);
  }
}
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
Added in 8.6.0
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK on success or CURLE_OUT_OF_MEMORY if there was insufficient heap space.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLOPT_DOH_URL (3)
